docs: hiding columns (#55233)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/visualizations/table.md

## Rearranging, adding, and removing columns

Open up the settings for your table visualization and you'll see the Columns tab, which displays all the columns currently being shown in the table. To hide a column, click the eye icon.

To manage these columns, including columns from linked tables, just click **add or remove columns**. Check the boxes next to the columns you want to show in the **visible section**, or uncheck to hide them.

When viewing tables, you can click on the **gear** icon in the bottom left to bring up the columns picker. Click **Add or remove columns** to search for and pick columns, including columns from related tables.

![Adding or removing columns](../images/column-selection.png)

> > Hiding columns in table visualization setting only affects visibility of the columns _in the visualization_, not in the query results. For example, even people with view-only permissions to the question will be able to change the visualization settings and unhide columns. To hide the column from the results of a specific query, uncheck them in the "Data" block of the query builder instead. To hide a column across your entire Metabase, mark it as hidden in [table metadata settings](../../data-modeling/metadata-editing.md#column-visibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins (and people in groups with access to table metadata) can hide columns across your entire Metabase by marking them as hidden in the [table metadata settings](../../data-modeling/metadata-editing.md#column-visibility).

> **Hiding columns should _not_ be used to secure sensitive information**. Hiding columns in table visualization settings only affects the visibility of the columns _in the visualization_, not in the query results. Even people with view-only permissions to the question will be able to change the visualization settings and unhide columns. To exclude a column from the results of a specific query, uncheck the column in the "Data" block of the query builder. 
```
